Some of the inbuilt methods used for this Sales Data Analysis Project, the definations have been referenced from the official documentation.

1.head(): for printing first 5 records

2.count(): count the number over requested axis

3.mean(): mean of the number of enteries

4.max() : maximum over the requested axis

5.min() : minimum over the requested axis

6.std() : sample standard deviation over requested axis

7.isna() : finding null vlaues in the table

8.sum() : finding sum of the requested axis

9.pd.datatime(parameter) : Converts the parameter into pandas date time format

10.info() : Displays information about the pandas object

11.dt.year() : the year of the datetime

12.DataFrame() : converting to DataFrame object

13.dt.strftime() : return an Index of formatted strings specified by date_format, which supports the same string format as the python standard library

14.groupby() : involves some combination of splitting the object, applying a function, and combining the results. This can be used to group large amounts of data and compute operations on these groups

15.merge() : The join is done on columns or indexes. If joining columns on columns, the DataFrame indexes will be ignored. Otherwise if joining indexes on indexes or indexes on a column or columns, the index will be passed on.
	1.left index : Use the index from the left DataFrame as the join key(s).
	2.right index : Use the index from the right DataFrame as the join key.
	3.inplace :  inplace=True returns None inplace=False returns a copy of the object with the 	operation performed

16.plot() : Uses the backend specified by the option plotting.backend. By default, matplotlib is used.

17.assign() : Returns a new object with all original columns in addition to new ones. Existing columns that are re-assigned will be overwritten.

18.sort_values() : Sort by the values along either axis.

19.replace() : Values of the DataFrame are replaced with other values dynamically.

20.reset_index() : Reset the index of the DataFrame, and use the default one instead. If the DataFrame has a MultiIndex, this method can remove one or more levels.

21.iloc() : Purely integer-location based indexing for selection by position.

22.rename() : Alter axes labels.

23.idxmax() : Return index of first occurrence of maximum over requested axis.

24.idxmin() : Return index of first occurrence of minimum over requested axis.


